With I will design right?
I think you guys already know this part.
So this where the contacts get imported
into database using that effect.
So what happens is then a email gets sent
out.
So in that email you would have ARN to
identify the contact right?
So once the email gets sent out,
the impacted individual can the email
will have a link to the dashboard.
So what happens is the user landed on the
portal and get redirected to B to C So B
should to C have this concept of policies.
So you can have many,
as many as you want and you can from
portal you can get them to redirect to us.
So each policy in in in B to C sort of
have a URL.
So,
so you can get a user redirected to AB to
C policy, right.
So this is what we're talking about the
other day.
So maybe we can leave the impacted
individual policy as it is and then we
can develop a new policy for arms.
If there's a interim state,
if we go into the end state fully,
we would just have one policy which is
the as per sign in sign up policy will
handle impacted individuals as well as
RTO.
All the personas will be handled right.
So to the portal have a configuration.
So portal can have different identity
providers, B to C is one of them.
So in portal you can configure more than
one.
So one probably the other policies that
we may require in the future is for
example,
so currently we don't we have sign in,
sign up,
but we don't have like email address
change or phone number change.
So that can be done using a separate
policy and and also another example of
having another separate policies,
100 point ID check, right.
So the 100 point ID check could be its
own policy.
So you could in, in, in, in power portal,
like if you go to the power portal here
as part part of the identity providers,
you can have policies.
The security tab identity providers can
be to see identity providers.
So you can see is the policy I was
referring to.
So we already have two policies,
which is the sign in sign up.
Is it?
It's one policy and the password reset is
another another policy.
So if you go back to Azure B to C,
like when you get access to the Azure B
to C tenants, for example,
if you click on this settings button,
so it will show you all the B to C
tenants you have access to.
So I'll switch back to.
So these were all the Azure resources are
right.
So the logic apps and keyboards and all
our other Azure resources are here and
the B to C resources are here.
So we've got a few environments.
We've got dev, test,
pre prod and production.
Soon we're gonna have Devin.
Devin will be sharing in dev environment.
So if I go switch back to so you can go
to HDB to see.
So as I mentioned before,
so all the sign in sign up is custom for
us.
We don't use any of the user flows.
So everything is in here.
So you can see those two policies that we
had in here.
I,
I is the impacted individual sign in sign
up and impacted individual password reset.
So going back to the policies,
so you have those two policies here,
right?
So for example,
so so you can see there are some other
policies as well.
So you can think of policies as if in
sort of object oriented programming.
It has inheritance.
So you can have a base and base can have
functions and then so you can have like
your most common functions in base and
then your extensions,
you can extend those base functions.
So you can have more more targeted
functions in the next layer.
And then as yes, as you go on, right.
So,
so the way I've structured is you have
the base as couple set of function
policies and and then there's a extension
to it and then the II sits on top of it.
So maybe in another session I'll go on
and describe how I'm planning to put the
RTO stuff in it.
So this is just what we got in production,
right?
If you browse to it,
this is what I was referring to before,
right.
So each policy sort of have a own its own
URL.
So you can you can redirect from anywhere
to B to C So you can see.
So this is blocked, right?
So the the reason being this is block is
so this is the B to CURL.
So we also have Azure front end in front
of Azure B to C So when I use when a user
get redirected to B to C it won't get
redirected B to C straight away it will
come through front end.
So the the the the benefit of coming
through front end is front end provides
additional features like web application
firewalls, right?
So if you getting malicious uses when the
requests are redirected through web
access firewalls so it can detect so so
the the the the URL of our front door is
the environment dot auth dot S square dot
dot AU.
So production is without the environment.
So any environment I think we browsing to
test right not there that's the reset
password.
So that should get rendered.
The other thing maybe worth mentioning is
so the production version is not styled
as as this.
It has like very basic styling.
So.
So if you look at,
maybe I'll go to sign up, sign up, set up.
Browser caching open window two days to
restart my browser.
Yeah.
So if I look at the the developer tool
and if I look at the the network traffic
going out,
so you can see when the B to C is loaded,
it calls that Powerball lab,
which is which is this one here,
the test environment.
So it's hosted in test environment.
It's only hosted in test environment.
So,
so B to C have the model of the old HTML
is generated from by the BTC itself.
We can't really do much about it.
The the whatever the policy that we've
got configured get converted into HTML
and that gets speeded out as with default
CSS and default HTML, right?
So that's very, you know,
basic styling that we got.
So if you want to do more styling,
if you want to make it more prettier,
then B to C provides the sort of like
extension.
So what you can put is you can put,
you can get B to C to render HTML and
then you can load a the template HTML
template from somewhere else.
So for for our instance,
so we decided to store that HTML template
in power in a power portal site.
So we decided to just to have single
power portal site for the non product
environments.
So you can see if you go to the power
portal and you have is different HTML
templates in each one of them.
So, so going back to our test,
so for this page,
it was loading the HTML from this part
here.
So there's self asserted.
I think we should be able to see the
response unless the yeah,
it's the response.
This is the HTML return.
So that's all coming.
That's all.
Sorry.
It's hosted in in in power bottle,
but it's it's it's static.
So what it does is so this this HTML
template have all the CSS and custom CSS
and whatever images or whatever in there.
And then what B to C does is B to C
renders all this HTML onto A sort of like
a placeholder.
So there's this thing called this,
this is the placeholder.
So all this.
So if you look at the,
you look at the HTML content, right?
So this is all from the template.
All this above here is from the template
that we read from the power portal and
and this is to that the placeholder,
right?
So, so B to C,
what BC does is B to C put all the HTML
into this placeholder.
So we've got so we have we have as per
scripts.
So, so we can,
what we can do is so we're doing some
modifications.
I think it's very similar to the way that
sort of power portal works, right?
So you through JavaScript,
you can change the HTML.
So I'm, I'm doing some modifications,
basic modifications through JavaScript to
change some of these HTML elements,
which I can't really do that using policy
XML.
So it's it's it's done through the
JavaScript and CSS.
So that's the custom JavaScript we've got
and then we got custom CSS.
So this,
this test environment doesn't have the
RMA stuff deployed.
But so I, I've,
I've changed starting to align with more,
more, more portal like.
So that styling is already done for you
guys.
You can use that.
That's in a separate branch.
So I'll get to the source port little bit
later.
So going back to the hey Dinaka, sorry,
just yeah, one thing.
So when you're showing that HTML controls,
right,
how do you map like which control is
mapped with which B to C control?
How do you map that?
Is it done in the Azure portal or are you
handling that as part of the JavaScript
code that you showed us?
So when you say mapping,
what do you so you have this email
address control,
you have the password control there,
right?
Yep, Yep.
So how this is this is like a CSS on the
portal side, right?
CSS and HTML controls that you are
capturing or this page itself is B to C
and you're customising it through power
portal.
Yeah, so page is B to C, so they HT.
So let me show you so,
so this is a policy.
So, so,
so I showed you a few policies there,
right?
Yeah, yeah.
For example, said sign in,
sign up is this policy and the policy
policies here, right.
So there's there's a thing called no,
not that maybe this one here.
So you can see there are fields, right?
So there's ARN field, Yeah.
And it says that ARN field is a text box
and it's Spring, right.
So when we define these fields like this
in XML, yeah,
B to C generates the HTML for it.
OK, right.
Yeah.
And then if you want to do any
customization to that, so, so I mean,
the information that you can provide here
is very basic, right?
It's just,
you can tell it's a text box and a string,
but you can't tell what's the width of
the textbooks that you want, right?
Or,
or or or you want to placeholder in the
textbook.
So I don't know you want the textbooks
disabled, right?
So you can't really tell that from here.
But that's the bit that comes from the
CSN SSN, the JavaScript, for example.
So this is.
Yeah, this is this have more CSS.
This is the styling.
I put all the correct fonts and
everything in there and you know,
font sizes,
all the styling is coming from here and
anything that I wanted to sort of do that
I can't get done through the policy,
I do it through the JavaScript.
So that page you are just reading and
then customising it using Power Portal.
That B to C page.
Yeah, it's not from Power Portal, right?
So, OK, so,
so So what happens is this is the HTML
template.
This HTML template is hosted in Power
Portal, right?
But this is still B to part of the B to C
solution.
So I'll,
I'll explain how this get deployed.
Right.
So,
so all the all the source code in here.
So,
so these are different types of templates
for different pages.
OK,
so this is all the code is in the git
repository.
Yeah.
But when it get deployed it deploys this
HTML as web template.
So.
So if I go to the power portal again.
So if I go to.
So if I go here, there are web templates,
yeah, So web templates, for example.
So that has the that HTML, right?
Yeah.
So this hosts the HTML, the template,
the the, the, the, the.
So there's, there's a lot of CSS in here.
So go back to that HTML, right?
So I think that's the important bit.
So the template provides the basic HTML.
So, so, yeah, HTML start from here, right?
So the above is the CSS and JavaScript.
And then this is the template bit, right?
This is the placeholder bit, Yeah,
so B so So what what B to C does is B to
C reads this HTML and CSS, right?
And reads this bit, right?
Yep.
And then converts the XML into HTML and
put that HTML inside here,
but right inside this dev.
You mean the particularly inside this dev?
OK, the the rest remains as it is,
All right.
Yeah,
it just inserts the the generated HTML
into into this dev tag.
OK.
And then what happened is is in the page
load JavaScript get run as soon as the
the HTML is loaded into the Dom, right.
And like on page ready, yeah,
we can go and we have access to all the
HTML elements already generated by B to C,
So we can yeah,
do modifications to them if we need any
customizations.
OK, after so just getting sorry,
rather you go ahead.
I have one question, Tanika.
Like the extension test power pages,
it's mainly used to host the public CSS
or HTML, is it?
Yes.
So,
so we are creating some HTML our CSS in
extension power pages site and we are
putting that link in Azure B to C for the
reference.
Yes.
So that reference the self asserted that
united that multi factor HTML or in B to
C or it's in power pages site it's in
power pages, right.
OK,
so the power pages we have three HTML
there.
Yes and we are referring that page in the
power B to C CSS external URL or
something PTC policy.
So so PTC policy.
Yeah,
today's so I'll show you where it's been
referred.
Yep.
Since only can be updated in VS Code,
we can't see it in the portal for for
power Power Azure portal, Yeah.
Would you be able to show us where you
put that URL,
that extension test site URL, the common.
So that's all code code.
It's only code.
So this is so if you want to modify
anything you modify here and deploy OK,
so so you can see.
So for example,
so these are the places that it refers to
that HTML, right?
So, so I, I sort of,
so this is configured,
this is implemented to do deploy
automatically.
So,
So what happens is like you can see
there's a host placeholder and then the
path, right?
The HTML path,
if you go to the sort of like
environments environment,
each environment would have its own
config.
You can see the host is that extension
site, extension site Dash, dev Dash,
whatever that is, right?
So if you're going back to here,
so that this will be Dash unified, right?
So going back to here,
so that will be referring to dev Dash
unified, this one here, right?
So that's how it get mapped.
So if you look at the test environment
that's different, Yeah,
it's prefixed by text test.
Yeah.
So that's how you get the one we are
showing it behind the screen like the
power pages side that is the extension
side web template, right?
Yes.
So this one is not our normal power pages.
No, this is specific one.
OK, Yeah.
So in so difference is in production
these pages,
these templates are within our site.
Yeah, I saw that.
Yeah,
in production I saw these files are in
the I saw the self asset at 1:00 Yeah and
multi factor one,
are we referring do we need extension
site then if you are able to put it in
the current site.
So so so the reason to have this as a
extension site is these pages need to be
public, right, correct.
But our low environments apart from tests
everything else is internal.
Yeah, it's internal, yes.
So, so it wouldn't work.
So to get around that issue,
what we did was we created a public
extension side.
Yep.
And all the environments refer to the
yeah,
public extension side to get the public B
to CS Yep, B to C files.
Like you can see the other environments
in here as well,
like there's pre prod Yep.
So the current production,
how it's accessing.
So production it has its like the
production site.
Yeah, our our as per site,
it's has its template in it because
production site is public, right.
OK.
Yeah.
So these things the only record for the
lower enrollment, Yeah.
So if you look at the production config,
right,
So you can see the host is that's the
portal.
Yeah, there's no extension site there.
So it uses its the portal itself.
OK, So if if any changes comes,
we would deploy,
we only deploy that web template, right?
So This site is not required for prod
release anyway?
No.
So you don't have to worry about anything.
So yeah, the changes,
you do it in these files here and you in
in a git branch.
You make the changes,
push and get it to code review like one
of you guys do code review and then merge
pipeline will deploy.
So you don't have to do anything.
It'll get deployed from environment to
environment.
So this pipeline will deploy to prod site.
Yes.
Multi factor HTML, yeah.
So all these get deployed.
So we already automated all that.
So deploying the HTML to the public side
is automatic as well.
OK, yeah.
So that's the content side of it.
And so let's get to so,
so user lands on the this sign up screen,
right?
So one of the things that we do is we do
get the user to enter the RN from the
email that they received and date of
birth and then we go and verify that that
ARN, right.
So,
so you can see the way that it happens is
there's a identity Web API and that Web
API calls database.
So the way it works is so B to C so B to
C is a publicly available resource.
So you can't put inside the Aspen network.
It's it's in, it's in public, right?
So, so it's sort of expect this,
we can't make this API internal because
otherwise then the this won't be able to
hit or or we can't really whitelist IP
addresses.
So the reason so for that reason,
so this is at the moment sitting inside
the ask for network,
but through the as go to our gateway,
we expose this to public.
So you can see, yeah,
I'm still logged in here.
Let's switch back to the so you can see
in.
So this is your logic app and that
resource group, right?
For each environment we have ACIM
resource group.
So CIM resource group is where all the
identity resources are.
So these where the API is.
So as I said, API is within the network.
It's it's internal only.
But if you try to hit this, this address,
you, you say within the network,
you you will be able to hit this because
you VPN.
But if you're not VPN,
you won't be able to reach this.
So you need to access that using POST.
So if I go to devs the API yeah.
And in the API URL,
so you always need to use the
dnsdevenvironment.api.aspa.gov dot AU.
So that's a dark so that that OK.
The other part is so,
so now the API is in public, right?
So we need a way to secure the API.
So we don't want want anyone to be able
to access the API.
We want to secure it.
So the way that we secure it using using
oath.
So I'm not sure whether you're familiar
with that.
So you need to provide access token to
the APIAPI validates access token.
If the token is valid,
then API allows whoever the consumer is
requesting to access the API.
So so when the B to C So what happens is
you saw the HTML right?
And when you do submit, when you do,
when you hit, when you hit sign up button,
the request well,
so B to C front end will make a request
to B to C back end.
So that's hosted in somewhere in B to C
somewhere in Azure, right.
So we don't know where what happens in
there.
So what what happens is that policy get
executed and the policy is from the B to
C back end is the one who's going to call
the the ABR.
So for BTC policy,
the BTC back end to call the API,
it needs access token.
So, so I'll so,
so we use you have registration to get
the access token.
So if you go to policy keys,
you can see escort entity API, client ID,
escort identity API secret.
So what it does is policy will get the
client ID and the secret,
it'll talk to Azure ID and you will get
access token and then we'll call the
RNGAPI.
So do you configure the API within the
policy itself, Tanuka?
Like how do you how do you configure like
which API this policy is calling that you
will be giving in the Jason there?
Yeah.
So, so this is just the configuration,
right?
This is this OK, that's the configuration.
The implementation,
the way it calls is for example,
if I go to I'll I'll,
I'll do another session.
Yeah, yeah, this to answer your question,
I'll briefly go through this,
but so you can see, so it'll call this,
I mean,
you can consider this as sort of like a
function.
It'll call this function all API to
verify.
OK.
So then again, this is Identity API URL,
so which is getting from the config, OK.
And then this is the URLAPIURL, right?
So it's going to call the impacted
individual verify route of the API, Yeah.
And pass the token, Right.
OK, Yep.
And then this is the body,
So it passes the ARN and the date of
birth.
Yeah, in the body.
So OK, Yeah.
So the token won't get sent in the body.
It'll the BTC policy will put the token
into the header.
So that's how it get called like for
example.
So API code is also in this repo.
So you can see the the structure of this
repo, right?
So the first folder is B to C policies.
Anything,
anything to do with the policies is in
here.
And you can see.
So these are all the policies, right?
And and their hierarchy in here and
there's a scripts folder.
Scripts folder helps to deploy these
policies into B to C So all it does is.
So like for example, prepare,
what it does is it reads A,
it gets a policy XML and you can see
policy XML have placeholders, right?
So some placeholder values and it finds
the environment config and replace the
policy with the placeholders replace,
right?
And sort of like preprocessing and then
the deploy file this have the code to go
and deploy the policies into into here,
right?
Maybe,
maybe maybe let me show you something.
So this is so I've got to so I can run it
from the pipeline or I can pipeline take
a little bit of time.
So So what I would do is I would just.
Prepare the policies locally and then
deploy from my machine.
But this is what I said,
you don't if to start doing development
you don't really need access to the B to
C tenant because you can use the
appraisation to deploy.
So what this does is so if I go,
let me dev, let me delete.
So this is delete so so if you can see
this command so so there's some
environment.
So we don't one of the principles that we
do is anything secret.
We don't put into the code.
We either put it to a keyboard or put as
pipeline variables.
So for example Application Insights
connection string we don't put into the
code because it's not good practise to
check in secrets so.
So for me to run the preparation I need
to provide the connection string.
So I provide the connection string using
environment variable and you can see I'm
running the prepare B to C policies and I
specify the environment as dev so.
So if I run this so I can see dev got
created and these policies are now all
compiled and placeholders have been
removed and ready in a ready state to be
deployed onto AB to C tenant and then
what you can do is you can.
So what, what, what, what is it?
What's doing now is it's reading the
policies from the dev environment and it
just uploads.
So now if you browse to it,
whatever you've done in dev,
he's already published into the dev
environment.
You should be able to test out your
changes there so you can do your
development locally and push it using
this and then test using portal or
something.
If you're going to get started now,
you don't need your own access.
And one the other thing is any PowerShell
you want to run locally,
it needs so you can see there's a big
BLOB of text at the end of the PowerShell.
You can't.
Ascot is not allowed Aston PowerShell to
be run on a developer machine without
being signed by a Ascot certificate.
So that's one of the things that you need
to do.
You need to require,
you need to request access to that,
that policy and then sorry,
not policy that certificate.
That certificate will get installed onto
your machine then.
So you can sign using commands the
policies and then.
So you only need to do that if you change
in the PowerShell.
But if you're not changing PowerShell to
run it,
you don't have you don't need the
certificate.
Certificate only needed if you're
changing it so that need to be requested
certificate to be installed on your
machine.
Yeah,
I think I these guys are the one who
installed certificate onto my machine so
I can sign and develop PowerShell,
PowerShell.
So going back to that content,
content is the same, right?
So,
so you can see the content is in this
folder, but so there are some,
there are some PowerShell, sorry,
there are some PowerShell to deploy.
So let let's see, right, Right now,
if you go to dev in moment,
if I go to dev in moment, it's dev, yeah.
Search for impacted in individual sign in
sign up.
So I'm just browsing to that policy that
so this this has the old study this this
is the production version, right?
So you can do deploy the HTML HTML
templates to your web template in the
extension side using that script.
So there's another separate appreciation
and a secret application to deploy the
HTML template into the.
Let's see whether this this works.
So now it's you can see the content of
the HTML template getting deployed onto
the web.
It's getting updated onto the web
templates.
So if I refresh I should see if the
templates are updated correctly.
Yeah.
So you can see the new styling appeared,
right.
So this is the restyled new layer.
So that because I had the production
version deployed on to dev before.
So this is the RMA version.
I just deployed the RMA version to dev.
So it reflects the styling.
So you it's it's it's version controlled,
right.
So you have the flexibility to go back
and forth.
If you want to fix a bug in Qi,
you can go back to the Qi starting and
then move forward.
We will say, yeah, yeah.
So I was talking about the folder
structure, right?
So that's all the B to C stuff is in B to
C policies folder and the pipelines.
So there are two pipelines.
1 pipeline is to deploy the API.
The other pipeline is to deploy B to C
I'll get to that later.
But that's where all the pipeline code is
and this is where the API is, right?
So we saw that in one of these, yeah.
So this it calls impacted individual
verify route.
So if you go back to the API,
so apicodethis.net right,
So you have controllers,
so there's 2 controllers, right?
So because you can see on a invite only
branch.
So maybe I'll I'll get to the source
control part a little bit later.
Do you guys have experience with git?
You know how git branching works and we
do,
but I have never created like a repo and
then try to associate the lookout.
Earlier projects we used to do the create
new branches and then check in into the
main, Yeah, and then deploy it.
But yeah,
haven't created anything from scratch.
Cool.
I'll get to the source control part in
another session.
But what I'm saying is the main branch
have the different code.
But yeah,
So what I'm what I'm demoing is the
invite only branch.
So this is what I showed just in the
meeting before that we have the when you
now when you sign up,
when you browse to sign up,
the first thing it get shown is for the
user to enter the ARN and then the sign
up part.
So these that that branch.
That's why there's more to it than what
we're seeing.
So,
so going back to this branch is like your
development branch, is it?
This is like a dev branch that you work
on.
Is this branch what you're showing?
So what we do rather is we take the trunk
base strategy.
So that means so we have the main and
there's no there's nothing called
development, right?
So, so I have feature branches.
Yeah.
So invite only the feature branch,
then maybe I'll just so there,
there are lots of branches, right?
Because I'll be working on a lot of sort
of features.
So if I go to I think Pradeep can provide
access to these E triple to you guys.
I think the one that you gave us
yesterday, we were able to access it,
I think.
Nice.
The one, yeah, nice.
So CIM, so you can see when you go to it,
there are so many different branches.
So there's a capture branch.
So,
so we have all the capture implementation
there.
So I think Pradeep if Pradeep is there,
but if we at some point we need to get
this merge and deployed onto production
because I think the cyber said capture is
required.
But yeah,
all the capture changes are in this
branch and it's ready to be deployed and
edit profile, I've got started on it.
Edit profile change,
I'll delete this change content path,
it's not needed.
So this Google branch is the POCID 400
point ID check.
So this is that simulation that we're
talking about, 400 point check.
So instead of having my Idi have it as
Google.
So that's that just I'll delete the
import POC.
We don't need that invitation only is the
one I was just showing partition dev
environment is that dev DEVINT branch.
So we need I'll get that merge so they'll
get deleted before I leave audio Co sign
up.
So,
so I don't know whether you can recall I
presented three options for sign up,
right.
So one is being the generic and the
second is the hybrid and the third is the
invitation only.
So if you ever wanted to go back to that
hybrid from invitation,
only hybrid changes are in this branch.
So everything is of main branch.
So,
so we only merge to main when we're ready.
The code is ready to be deployed onto
production.
So yeah,
we use the the the trunk base branching
strategy.
I think we're pretty much up for time.
Just have a look at the if you have
access to code,
just have a look at the code base and
just once you go maybe because see do you
you don't have access to the you don't
have a_a account, right Yeah,
I've I've requested the yeah.
So today morning I've requested it.
I have the code access, but yeah.
So if you have or maybe like next time we
catch up,
we'll pull down the code and maybe get
the,
I think maybe we should try it on Radha's
machine because Radha already got_account
and have access to Azure resources.
We can maybe get things,
set it up and then get things running on,
on, on your local machines.
So if you want to make any changes,
you you can make changes.
Yep, Yep.
We'll book something tomorrow, then occur.
Yeah, I'll, I'll feel free to book any.
I'm I'm free.
So as as many as times that you wanted to
book.